To serve my country, I shall work silently.
But I shall waste my timeaires.
I will come humidityed by boring jobs.
Hostility from the uncont zak 맛
will bebleme me former enemy of Japan,
indeed I think.
Furthermore, I think that the characteristics of the Japanese spirit are that they have a strong and generous feeling.
In other words, they love the country, the country, and their brothers.
In any case, they are always open and generous.
This is one of the great characteristics of the Japanese spirit.
However, what is most necessary for a leader is to have a spirit of the spirit of the people's state.
With this generous and generous feeling, they always lose their will of the heart and look down on the strength of the spirit.
Therefore, it is important to have a spirit of the spirit of the people's state and to be able to build a good foundation for the completion of this wonderful and wonderful sun.
The second is about the study of the school.
In the first place, the study of the school is a life-long thing.
Today, the school has completed the process of the highest school.
With this, we cannot say that the school has already become one person.
It has a great responsibility to promote the development of the school.